bootstrap org usage dashboard (#1)
claranet/terraform-signalfx-dashboards: organization/usage/README.md

# Orgnization usage dashboards

> ![](././img/dashboard_child.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](./img/dashboard_child.png)
```

## Detectors links

> This is possible to add [detectors](https://github.com/claranet/terraform-signalfx-detectors/tree/master/organization/usage) links to their corresponding chart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to add [detector](https://github.com/claranet/terraform-signalfx-detectors/tree/master/organization/usage) links to their corresponding chart:
```

```hcl
module "signalfx-detectors-organization-usage" {
  source = "github.com/claranet/terraform-signalfx-detectors.git//organization/usage"

  notifications = ["Email,billing@mycorp.net"]
}

locals {
  container_ratio_detector = {
    id   = tostring(module.signalfx-detectors-organization-usage.container_ratio_id[0]),
    name = module.signalfx-detectors-organization-usage.container_ratio_name[0],
  }
}

module "signalfx-dashboards-organization-usage" {

>   source = "github.com/claranet/terraform-signalfx-dashboards.git//organization/usage?ref=usage"

Reviewer: ref= will be probably change before merge
